Release v0.43.0 (#2908)
grafana/k6: release notes/v0.43.0.md

k6 v0.43.0 is here! :tada:

Notable changes in this release include:
- [xk6-browser](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser) is now bundled in k6 as an experimental module, and usable without a separate binary or compilation step!
- Native support for JavaScript's `async`/`await`.

> - A new experimental JavaScript module for distributed tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new experimental module for distributed tracing.
```

It is implemented in go at this point

Author: Well, sure, as all built-in k6 JS modules are, but from the perspective of the user, it's still a JS module.

Reviewer: I prefer to not call them `JS modules` as I prefer this name for actually what is known in the specification as "Source text modules" (which is a great name). 

Our in go implemented modules are mostly called (by me at least) "go modules" which isn't great given that there is such a thing as "go modules" in go ;). 

But I would also argue that you are *not* mentioning this for the browser above - which is also an experimental (JavaScript/go) module

Author: Alright, but the ES spec surely wouldn't refer to them as "JS modules" either, as "JS" is an implementation, so they use an internal name. For our users, however, "experimental JS module" gives a lot more detail than just "experimental module", so I'd prefer keeping it.

Not mentioning it for the browser was an oversight, and looking back, I do prefer "xk6-browser is now a built-in JavaScript module", so I can change it.

The reason we should clarify this is that we have different types of extensions: outputs and JS modules. Calling them just "modules" lacks the relevant and IMO useful context.

I don't want to split hairs about semantics here, so let's ask for a tie-breaking opinion. Can someone else chime in? :pray:

Reviewer: We do use "k6 modules natively supported" in the [docs](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/)  and [built-in modules](https://k6.io/docs/using-k6/modules/#built-in-modules) in another place.

Author: Alright, you convinced me. Will stop using "JS module" from now on then. :handshake:

- Large refactoring of core components to simplify the code base, improve maintainability, and increase test coverage.
- Bug fixes, UX improvements, and maintenance.

Keep reading for the details.

## Breaking changes

- [#2807](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2807) Use non-zero exit codes for tests aborted by Ctrl+C or the REST API.

  Aborting a test run with Ctrl+C will now exit with code `105`, and stopping via the REST API will exit with code `103`.

## New Features

> ### xk6-browser is now a built-in module [#2884](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2884)

Reviewer 2: @andrewslotin @inancgumus @ka3de @ankur22 Does it also make sense to say here that we will now refer to xk6-browser as k6 browser module or simply k6 browser? 🤔

Reviewer 3: @mdcruz We don't need to adjust this heading since it already means that the browser was an extension, and now it's a module. We can continue to refer to it as the k6 browser internally. Still, when it comes to external communications and product positioning, it should be referred to as the browser module, as we discussed. Thanks for pointing this out :)

Reviewer 3: @markjmeier @dgzlopes @sniku, WDYT?

>   This fixes a regression introduced in v0.42.0 ([#2773](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2773)), but has the side-effect of changing how modules are cached internally, which may cause issues for scripts that relied on the previous behavior.

Author: @mstoykov Do you want to expand here on what exactly users should look out for with this breaking change? I'm not sure I summarized it properly.

Author: OK, I was just going by the `breaking change` label in #2903 :smile:

Should we move this to the "Fixes" section instead?

And I think your suggestion goes into too much detail about why this was a problem. Can you instead update the description of #2903 with that information, and we can have a one sentence summary here? I'll try to summarize what you mention.

Reviewer: I will resolve this as I update #2903 and made another edit suggestion https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2908#discussion_r1102770660

> [xk6-browser](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser), a k6 extension that enables browser automation and end-to-end testing from k6 scripts, now comes bundled with k6 under the `k6/experimental/browser` import path. This makes it more accessible, as users no longer need to build their own binary with [xk6](https://github.com/grafana/xk6), or use a separate binary to run browser tests.

Author: Can we just do the `that enables`->`for` change, but otherwise keep the xk6-browser definition in the same sentence? It reads more naturally to me, and doesn't add a pause and another paragraph, since we'd prefer keeping this document as short as possible.

> [xk6-browser](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser), a k6 extension that enables browser automation and end-to-end testing from k6 scripts, now comes bundled with k6 under the `k6/experimental/browser` import path. This makes it more accessible, as users no longer need to build their own binary with [xk6](https://github.com/grafana/xk6), or use a separate binary to run browser tests.

Reviewer 4: In this case I'm not sure. The original structure of the first sentence has a pretty lengthy "middle branch" that separates the subject from the verb. This creates a lot for the reader to hold in the head. Even though the other sentence might have a better flow, I prefer maximum directness, even if it comes off a bit brutalistic in aesthetic.

Since it's background information, I'd be fine with just cutting it:

> This release upgrades xk6-browser from an extension to an experimental module. In other words, you can now use the standard k6 application for browser and end-to-end-testing―no need to build a custom binary.

If the background info seems necessary, I think it's okay to separate the two paragraphs, since they represent separate ideas: background info, new info. This doesn't  increase the content of the text, only the length of vertical scroll. But short paragraphs increase readability, so I'd say it's a wash.

> [xk6-browser](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser), a k6 extension that enables browser automation and end-to-end testing from k6 scripts, now comes bundled with k6 under the `k6/experimental/browser` import path. This makes it more accessible, as users no longer need to build their own binary with [xk6](https://github.com/grafana/xk6), or use a separate binary to run browser tests.

Author: Alright. I changed your suggestion slightly in 2acbcbc9. Let me know.

> All xk6-browser scripts that work with v0.8.0 will continue to work with the built-in module in k6 v0.43.0. To use them, change the import path from `k6/x/browser` to `k6/experimental/browser`, and set the environment variable `K6_BROWSER_ENABLED` to `true`. The environment variable is needed to minimize potential risks with launching browser or any other processes via k6 scripts. It's also a mechanism we use in the k6 Cloud, where browser tests are currently disabled.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
All xk6-browser scripts that work with v0.8.0 will continue to work with the built-in module in k6 v0.43.0. To use them, change the import path from `k6/x/browser` to `k6/experimental/browser`, and set the environment variable `K6_BROWSER_ENABLED` to `true`. The requirement to specify the environment variable is temporary and will be removed in a future k6 release. It was added to minimize the risks with k6 unexpectedly launching a browser (or another process) from k6 scripts. It's also a mechanism we use in the k6 Cloud, where browser tests are currently disabled.
```

Reviewer: Are we certain we are goign to remove the requirement for the env variable? 

I don't think that this is a good idea if we can't be pretty certain it can't be exploited so ... 

Maybe let's leave that part out?

Reviewer 5: IIRC, wasn't this the consensus? :thinking: k6-browser is pretty new and it makes sense to gracefully introduce it in the core, but eventually we don't want to put that roadblock in front of users. I edited "will be removed" to "may be removed", to leave us the option to change our mind here.

Reviewer: I was and still am of the opinion that setting the env variable is sensible (if not very hard to misues) defense against people getting pwnd by k6 script, while still being on the very low barrier to jump for usesrs.

Other people were arguably on differetn parts of the spectrum on both points. 

But IMO there is close to zero reason to say whether it will or not be removed. Arguably if people don't complain that this is a problem for them - we likely should keep it :P 

But I guess "may be removed" is a good compromise

> All current xk6-browser scripts that work with v0.8.0 will continue to work with the built-in module in k6 v0.43.0, by simply changing the import path from `k6/x/browser` to `k6/experimental/browser`, and setting the environment variable `K6_BROWSER_ENABLED` to `true`. The environment variable is needed to minimize potential risks with launching browser or any other processes via k6 scripts. It's also a mechanism we use in the k6 Cloud, where browser tests are currently disabled.

Author: Hey @inancgumus, is this technically accurate? Are browser tests currently disabled in the Cloud, and we enable them on a per-customer basis, or they'll remain disabled for all public use?

Let me know if this needs clarification.

Reviewer 6: Extending the question to @inancgumus. I'm not sure if mentioning our mechanism in the cloud is relevant here. But generally, the sentence that the browser tests are currently disabled by default is an important one and if we have a instructions how to sign-up to the beta testing link them here.

```suggestion
All current xk6-browser scripts that work with v0.8.0 will continue to work with the built-in module in k6 v0.43.0, by simply changing the import path from `k6/x/browser` to `k6/experimental/browser`, and setting the environment variable `K6_BROWSER_ENABLED` to `true`. The environment variable is needed to minimize potential risks with launching browser or any other processes via k6 scripts.
```

Reviewer 3: Hey @imiric (and @olegbespalov), yes, it's technically accurate. The browser tests are currently **disabled** in the Cloud (including private (per-customer basis) and public). This first merge was about to run browser tests from the command line using the `k6` tool.

Author: Thanks for confirming @inancgumus.

@olegbespalov We do want to mention the status of browser tests in the Cloud. Is your concern about mentioning the specific way we block browser tests in the Cloud?

Reviewer 6: Nope, not the concern exactly, but I was thinking that we could use these release notes as the opportunity to announce the beta testing program, but generally fine even with current statement.

> All current xk6-browser scripts that work with v0.8.0 will continue to work with the built-in module in k6 v0.43.0, by simply changing the import path from `k6/x/browser` to `k6/experimental/browser`, and setting the environment variable `K6_BROWSER_ENABLED` to `true`. The environment variable is needed to minimize potential risks with launching browser or any other processes via k6 scripts. It's also a mechanism we use in the k6 Cloud, where browser tests are currently disabled.

Author: :thinking: The first sentence implies that all scripts are compatible, but the second sentence contradicts this with "to make them compatible".

Can we keep this in the same sentence, and drop "simply" if you're against that?

> All current xk6-browser scripts that work with v0.8.0 will continue to work with the built-in module in k6 v0.43.0, by simply changing the import path from `k6/x/browser` to `k6/experimental/browser`, and setting the environment variable `K6_BROWSER_ENABLED` to `true`. The environment variable is needed to minimize potential risks with launching browser or any other processes via k6 scripts. It's also a mechanism we use in the k6 Cloud, where browser tests are currently disabled.

Reviewer 4: It was more about the length of the sentence that I was trying to cut. It's awkward, I agree.

What about...

> ...will continue to work with the built-in module in k6 v0.43.0. To use them, change the import file...

> All current xk6-browser scripts that work with v0.8.0 will continue to work with the built-in module in k6 v0.43.0, by simply changing the import path from `k6/x/browser` to `k6/experimental/browser`, and setting the environment variable `K6_BROWSER_ENABLED` to `true`. The environment variable is needed to minimize potential risks with launching browser or any other processes via k6 scripts. It's also a mechanism we use in the k6 Cloud, where browser tests are currently disabled.

Author: Sure, done in 2acbcbc9.

[xk6-browser](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser), a k6 extension that enables browser automation and end-to-end testing from k6 scripts, now comes bundled with k6 under the `k6/experimental/browser` import path. This makes it more accessible, as users no longer need to build their own binary with [xk6](https://github.com/grafana/xk6), or use a separate binary to run browser tests.

> All current xk6-browser scripts that work with v0.8.0 will continue to work with the built-in module in k6 v0.43.0, by simply changing the import path from `k6/x/browser` to `k6/experimental/browser`, and setting the environment variable `K6_BROWSER_ENABLED` to `true`. You can see a script example [here](https://github.com/grafana/k6/blob/v0.43.0/samples/experimental/browser.js), and read the updated [xk6-browser documentation](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/xk6-browser/).

Author: Should we expand here on why the environment variable is needed?

Reviewer: That might be a good idea, but can we also add a line that it is *not* supported in the cloud by default

Reviewer 3: Since xk6-browser is no longer an extension, we've been updating the docs and renaming the name to "browser module". The new path would be "the [browser module documentation](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/k6-browser/)".

Author: Alright. Let me know if 2d716737 and 34e5d70e resolve this.

> ### Native support for JavaScript's `async`/`await` [#2830](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2830)

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can add an example here too on how to use async/await with k6 scripts?

Reviewer 2: That makes sense, thanks @imiric!

### Native support for JavaScript's `async`/`await` [#2830](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2830)

In [v0.35.0](https://github.com/grafana/k6/releases/tag/v0.35.0) we added support for asynchronous functionality in k6 scripts with the addition of `Promise`.

> This was very useful, but the experience wasn't very friendly, as users had to use the `.then()` API to resolve Promises, instead of the `async`/`await` syntax available in most other JavaScript runtimes since ECMAScript 2016. [Some workarounds were possible](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/779#issuecomment-964027280), but it required a separate build pipeline to transpile the syntax into the older ES5.1+ standard supported by k6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was very useful, but the experience wasn't very friendly, as users had to use the `.then()` API to chain Promises, instead of the `async`/`await` syntax available in most other JavaScript runtimes since ECMAScript 2016. [Some workarounds were possible](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/779#issuecomment-964027280), but it required a separate build pipeline to transpile the syntax into the older ES5.1+ standard supported by k6.
```

Reviewer: Although I am not certain that you need all of this intro into the topic, but will leave the others to comment more on that. 

I kind of prefer to keep the release notes shorter so people can actually read them instead of seeing that they are 3 pages and skimming over the headers. And in order for that to happen I feel like we should not add too much information. In this particular case - if people don't know what async/await is used for .... uh I don't think it will help them. Linking to the workaround is also not helpful or useful for anyone who hasn't used it. And the people who did - should not need to be linked to it in order to know that they no longer need it.

Author: I also prefer short release notes, but at the same time, we're highlighting a popular feature we were missing up until now, so I think it makes sense to give some background information about our previous shortcomings. This is not explaining what `async`/`await` is for, but mentioning what the UX was before it was added.

I'd rather leave this as is, but if there are more votes for removing it, I'll change it.

Reviewer: Okay - let's leave it, but can we merge the proposed change ?

Author: @MattDodsonEnglish I applied your suggestion with minor changes in 2acbcbc9. Let me know.

> One caveat to note is that async functions can't be passed to `group()` or `check()`. This usage is not compatible with asynchronous behavior, so you will get an error if trying to do so.

Author: I meant "this usage" as `group()`/`check()` with async functions, but "these functions" works as well.

One caveat to note is that async functions can't be passed to `group()` or `check()`. This usage is not not compatible with asynchronous behavior, so you will get an error if trying to do so.

### Experimental JavaScript module for distributed tracing [#2853](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2853) [#2854](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2854) [#2855](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2855)

> This release brings a new experimental JavaScript module that adds [distributed tracing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tracing_(software)) support to k6. It allows you to seamlessly instrument HTTP requests from k6, and, assuming the system you're testing is instrumented in the same way, would allow you unparalleled visibility of the SUT behavior for the lifetime of each request.

Author: Should we expand here with information about how this would be useful? Mention Tempo, etc.?

Reviewer 7: The documentation mentions Tempo as an example of a context in which the module's client could be used. However, we haven't emphasized on the tracing backends and more on the supported formats. Thus, I'd rather recommend keeping these notes agnostic of Tempo and our other tracing-related projects. However, I have literally zero strong opinions on this and would be fine both ways 👍🏻

```javascript
import tracing from 'k6/experimental/tracing';
import http from 'k6/http';

tracing.instrumentHTTP({
  propagator: 'w3c',
});

export default () => {
  http.get('https://httpbin.test.k6.io/get', {
    headers: {
      'X-Example-Header': 'instrumented/get',
    },
  });
};
```

> You can see more details and examples in the [documentation](https://https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/k6-experimental/tracing/).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For details and examples, refer to the [tracing module documentation](https://https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/k6-experimental/tracing/).
```

You can see more details and examples in the [documentation](https://https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/k6-experimental/tracing/).

### `http.asyncRequest` [#2877](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2877)

> The `k6/http` module has a new `asyncRequest` function that takes the same arguments as [`http.request()`](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/k6-http/request/), but returns a `Promise` that when `await`ed will resolve a `Response` object. This gives you more control over the script execution, as potentially the most time-consuming calls—making HTTP requests—will no longer block the thread of execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `k6/http` module has a new `asyncRequest` function that takes the same arguments as [`http.request()`](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/k6-http/request/), but returns a `Promise` that when `await`ed will be resolved with `Response` object. This gives you more control over the script execution, as potentially the most time-consuming calls—making HTTP requests—will no longer block the thread of execution.
```

- [#2803](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2803) Ensure the REST API server is shut down after the test ends.
- [#2867](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2867) Added the ability to display test run details and logs from k6 Cloud.
- [#2890](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2890) Added a method for JavaScript modules to lookup environment variables without directly accessing the `os` package.
- [#2910](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2910) Added a bit more context when parsing the script options, so that it is more obvious what fails.

## Bug fixes

- [#2829](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2829) The `csv` output now correctly shows `vu` and `iter` system tags. This fixes a regression introduced in v0.40.0. Thanks, @leonyork!
- [#2851](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2851) Calling `k6/execution.test.abort()` within a `group()` now correctly exits the k6 process with code `108`. Thanks for reporting this, @pomeh!
- [#2896](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2896) Fixed a panic in `k6/ws` when using `Socket.setInterval()` with values between 0 and 1.

> - [#2903](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2903) Fixed a [regresion](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/2902) introduced in v0.42.0 where k6 will load the wrong module if the same import specifier has already been loaded, but they are pointing to different absolute paths, based on the files they are imported from.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
- [#2903](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2903) Fixed a [regression](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/2902) introduced in v0.42.0 where k6 will load the wrong module if the same import specifier has already been loaded, but they are pointing to different absolute paths, based on the files they are imported from.
```

> - [#2903](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2903) Fixed a [regression](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/2902) introduced in v0.42.0 where k6 will load the wrong module if the same import specifier has already been loaded, but they are pointing to different absolute paths, based on the files they are imported from.

Reviewer 4: I couldn't really understand the first sentence, but I read the issue and made another attempt. If what I wrote seems wrong, let's just ignore my suggestion and use the original :laughing: .

> - [#2903](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2903) Fixed a [regression](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/2902) introduced in v0.42.0 where k6 will load the wrong module if the same import specifier has already been loaded, but they are pointing to different absolute paths, based on the files they are imported from.

Author: Yeah, I think "the import used a relative path that had been used already" is slightly wrong. The suggestion doesn't seem clearer to me, so I'd leave it as is. It's a confusing behavior, so I don't think we can explain this in a sentence anyway. Whoever's interested can just see the example in the PR.

> - [#2903](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2903) Fixed a [regression](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/2902) introduced in v0.42.0 where k6 will load the wrong module if the same import specifier has already been loaded, but they are pointing to different absolute paths, based on the files they are imported from.

Reviewer 4: > I'd leave it as is

Sounds good to me.

- [#2907](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2907) Fixed the exit code and `run_status` value when the `cloud` output aborts a test.

## Maintenance and internal improvements

> - [#2809](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2809), [#2810](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2810), [#2812](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2812), [#2813](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2813), [#2815](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2815), [#2885](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2885), [#2893](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2893) A core component of test execution, the `Engine`, was removed, and the behavior heavily refactored. This change simplifies the code base, and makes other improvements easier.

Reviewer 6: maybe something like this?

```suggestion
- [#2809](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2809), [#2810](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2810), [#2812](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2812), [#2813](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2813), [#2815](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2815), [#2885](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2885), [#2893](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2893) A core component of test execution, the `Engine`, was removed, and the behavior heavily refactored. This change simplifies the code base and unblocks further improvements.
```

  Aborting a test run with Ctrl+C will now exit with code `105`, and stopping via the REST API will exit with code `103`.

## New Features

### xk6-browser is now a built-in module [#2884](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2884)

[xk6-browser](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser), a k6 extension that enables browser automation and end-to-end testing from k6 scripts, now comes bundled with k6 under the `k6/experimental/browser` import path. This makes it more accessible, as users no longer need to build their own binary with [xk6](https://github.com/grafana/xk6), or use a separate binary to run browser tests.

All current xk6-browser scripts that work with v0.8.0 will continue to work with the built-in module in k6 v0.43.0, by simply changing the import path from `k6/x/browser` to `k6/experimental/browser`, and setting the environment variable `K6_BROWSER_ENABLED` to `true`. The environment variable is needed to minimize potential risks with launching browser or any other processes via k6 scripts. It's also a mechanism we use in the k6 Cloud, where browser tests are currently disabled.

> You can see a script example [here](https://github.com/grafana/k6/blob/v0.43.0/samples/experimental/browser.js), and read the updated [documentation](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/k6-browser/).

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
You can see a script example [here](https://github.com/grafana/k6/blob/v0.43.0/samples/experimental/browser.js), and read the updated [documentation](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/xk6-browser/).
```
I don't see an open PR for it, if the browser team is planning it, you can skip the suggestion.

Reviewer 8: Sorry, here we are https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/996

  // Do something else here, make other requests, etc.
  // Then when you're ready to use the response:
  const resp = await resPromise;
  console.log(resp.json().form.name); // Bert
}
```

This is one of the first steps towards migrating our APIs to be asynchronous, and similar changes can be expected in the future.

You can read more about `asyncRequest` in the [documentation](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/k6-http/asyncrequest/).

### Enhancements and UX improvements

- [#2754](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2754), [#2805](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2805) The output of the `k6 version` command has been enhanced to also show the version of all extensions built into the k6 binary produced by [xk6](https://github.com/grafana/xk6). Thanks, @HarrisChu!
- [#2800](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2800) Improved handling of the Ctrl+C signal to gracefully abort the test during VU initialization.
- [#2803](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2803) Ensure the REST API server is shut down after the test ends.
- [#2867](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2867) Added the ability to display test run details and logs from k6 Cloud.

> - [#2890](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2890) Added a method for JavaScript modules to lookup environment variables without directly accessing the `os` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#2890](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2890) Added a method for JavaScript modules to lookup environment variables without directly accessing the `os` package.
- [#2910](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2910) Added a bit more context when parsing the script options, so that it is more obvious what fails.
```

## Bug fixes

- [#2829](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2829) The `csv` output now correctly shows `vu` and `iter` system tags. This fixes a regression introduced in v0.40.0. Thanks, @leonyork!
- [#2851](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2851) Calling `k6/execution.test.abort()` within a `group()` now correctly exits the k6 process with code `108`. Thanks for reporting this, @pomeh!
- [#2896](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2896) Fixed a panic in `k6/ws` when using `Socket.setInterval()` with values between 0 and 1.

> - [#2903](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2903) JS modules are now cached by absolute, and not relative paths.
> 
>   This fixes a regression introduced in v0.42.0 ([#2773](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2773)), and has the side-effect of changing how modules are cached internally, which may cause issues for scripts that relied on the previous buggy behavior. See the PR [#2903](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2903) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#2903](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/2903) Fixed a [regresion](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/2902) introduced in v0.42.0 where k6 will load the wrong module if the same import specifier has already been loaded, but they are pointing to different absolute paths, based on the files they are imported from.
```

This is very unlikely to be hit by many people so having a long description seems not as useful.

I also decided to word it for what will be observed then what is the root cause.
